 It is acknowledged that any single account is entitled to utilize the server resources, within reason, up to what is allotted or by what is physically available. If resources become scarce, IX Web Hosting reserves the right to limit users of the affected machine to a lower limit to preserve the effectiveness of the service for all users. If a particular user is in extreme excess of what the average users of the machine have in use (actually used) of their resource allotments, that customer may be asked to remove content, cut resource usage, or relocate to a dedicated service provider. This policy only applies to web sites that are considered to be abusive in service, disk space or resource consumption and where it is evident that the "fair-use" of resources among customers has been breached, particularly in regards to disk space, bandwidth or CPU processing power utilization. Additionally, web sites that are found to contain either/or no html documents, a large number of unlinked files are subject to warning, suspension or cancellation at the sole discretion of IX Web Hosting.

If a "Fair-Use" breach occurs, which's determination is solely up to IX Web Hosting, subscriber may have to remove files from or reduce access to subscriber's account to an extent as determined by IX Web Hosting, in order to restore full serviceability to other subscribers affected by the breach. In any case, the subscriber will be notified of any actions that IX Web Hosting may have to take. 

It has been brought to my attention that your website is in violation of the ‘Fair-Use’ portion of our terms of service. I’d like to emphasize that this is not a big problem and can be solved easily if you can follow my recommendation. Specifically, the domain(s) I mentioned are utilizing an disproportional amount of simultaneous connections. That is causing a shortage of available connections on the server, which is significantly impacting the performance of your account with us and the accounts of other customers on the same server. To alleviate this problem, all you have to do is to reduce the amount of simultaneous connections allowed to your domain/s. I understand that this increased traffic is a good thing for your site, however, this traffic comes with limitations such as the Fair-Use portion of our terms of service, which promotes an equal sharing of server resources among all customers. The Fair-Use statement is actually the main reason why you can consistently have connections available to your visitors, as it lets you use more resources, when others use less, so that the system is always in a balanced state, providing reliable services to you and your site’s visitors. Please note that all shared hosting providers today work in this fashion to ensure the best performance for their systems.

As the performance of your account and the server you’re hosted on is impacted at this time, it’s important that we can address this matter in a timely fashion. Please let me know within the next XX hours if it is possible for you to adapt reduce the amount of simultaneous connections allowed to your domain/s, or if I can be of further assistance if you decide to host your website elsewhere (the only real option is a dedicated server, as other shared hosting companies have the same Fair-Use provisions and you may be facing the same challenge there). Of course, if you choose to not continue to host with us, we will be refunding you any outstanding or prepaid amounts per our money back guarantees. I apologize for this inconvenience and hope for your understanding. Thank you for your assistance. 