http://wiki.opentransfer.com/doku.php/sales/design/templates

General Information

Section contains ready-to-use cut'n'paste templates on web design services
Content
Tickets
Ticket template - when you have had a chat with customer who shown interest in web design services
To customer

Thank you for chatting with me today. As promised, I am forwarding the details we discussed to our web design team. One of our project coordinators will contact you shortly at the number you provided for consultation. If you would rather be reached at an alternate number, or if there is a preferred time when we may contact you, please update this ticket with that information.

Thank you for your interest in our services.
To webdesign team(comments)

Customer would like to have …(all possible details in short)
His name is …
Contact number …
Preffered time to call is …
Generic template when customer wants to design/create new site + some useful links to portfolio, product page and sign up wizard

Our web design team will be happy to create a website for you. We currently offer three predefined web design packages: The Business package (up to 5 pages) is recommended for personal or small business websites, the Deluxe package (up to 10 pages) is ideal for medium business websites and the Ecommerce package (up to 20 pages) is a must for every online business.

Our highly skilled web design team will create a website for you based on your requirements. After placing a web design order we assign a project coordinator who will handle all the communication for you and make sure the designers understand and implement your needs correctly. The packages include several extra features for free such as an email inquiry form, a guestbook, a calendar or even an online forum.

Please take a look to our portfolio at http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.webDesignPortfolio to see a few samples of the work we have done.

For further details about our packages please visit:
http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.webDesignSpecial

You can order the web design package online at:
http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/signup_new.dspFrmSignup/init/1/signup_type/design
Customer wants to enhance his existing website with one or more features

Certainly! We can create an email inquiry form (setup blog, create online forum/guestbook/calendar, etc.) based on your personal requirements and put it on your website for you. This is part of the web design service we offer. You can see a complete list of available features at http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.webDesignSpecial Each of those features cost $95.00 one time fee.
Customer needs a shopping cart

You basically have two options if you want to create an online store. First, you could do it yourself by installing our bundled osCommerce shopping cart. Here is where you can find instructions on how to do it: http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.manual11 . If you’d rather have a professional web designer setup your shopping cart for you, we have a highly skilled team that can handle this. No headache and issues – that’s our promise.

Have a look at the Ecommerce Web Design package at: http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.webDesignSpecial It does not only come with an up to 20 page website and 4 features of your choice, but we pre-configure the entire shopping cart for you and add 10 products of your choice at no additional cost. We will integrate PayPal or any other payment gateway of your choice so that you can charge your customers online!
Explaining the design process

Our web design service works in the following way: After you take your decision about which package you would like to go with you place an order on our website. We will ask you five basic questions that will give us a very good idea of what you are looking for. With your answers, we will put together a few design suggestions that you can then choose from.

When you are happy with the look and feel of the website we will begin adding your text, logo and images to create a first draft of the final version. You can then review our proposal and get back to us with a list of changes you want us to implement. This will count as one revision. Depending on the plan of your choice, you will have multiple rounds of revisions.

When you are completely satisfied with the design of your website we will put it online for you and make it accessible to the public. Your website could be online in less than a week! It could not be any easier …
Reply for the clear feature request

We can setup the <feature name> for you for a price of $95.00. To proceed please submit an order at:

http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/signup.dspFrmSignup/page/_n_/signup_type/design

Login with your information and choose “Additional Extra Feature” from the product drop down. Tick the check box for ”<feature name>” and hit submit. Once we receive your order the only information we need from you is where you would like to place the form on your website and which fields it should have.

If you have any further questions, I will be glad to answer them for you.
Customers with issues related to web design that they need fixed

The problem you describe is outside of our support boundaries for the hosting product, however, our web design and programming team will be happy to fix it for you. It is part of the web design service we offer.

Please check the details on our site at: http://www.ixwebhosting.com/index.php/v2/pages.webDesignSpecial

Since what you requested is not offered in any predefined package I will pass the information on to our web design team and they will get back to you with an exact quote. Note that the hourly rate is $80.00.

One of our project coordinators will look into possible solutions and let you know how long it will take to complete this task. Thank you for your patience and I am sure we can get this to work for you!
Customers who confirmed their mind to acquire web design services

We appreciate that you decided to use our new service and hope that you will enjoy working with our project coordinator who is ready to assist you with any problem you face. I am forwarding this ticket to our web design department. One of our consultants will get back to you shortly to discuss the details of this task. Thank you for your interest!
Differences between web design and site maintenance services

    *
      Part 1

Unfortunately coding and programming support is beyond the service that comes with your hosting package, but you can take advantage of web design and website maintenance services. Our designers and programmers can develop and implement any website, project or application according to your requirements. Your personal project coordinator will ensure that all your requests are properly communicated to the designers and meet your expectations when implemented. He will accompany you through the entire process starting from choosing the correct package until the launch of your website.

    *
      Part 2

Whether it is changes to your existing website, the addition of features and applications or even the installation of 3rd party products - our professional web design and programming team can handle everything for you. Again, your personal project coordinator will organize the entire process and make it as smooth and carefree for you as possible.
Chats
Add to *every* conversation right away when you notice the customer is interested or has questions you cannot answer

If you are interested to speak with one of our consultants and project coordinators, please provide your name, contact phone number and a preferred time for us to call you. I will create a note and make sure one of our project coordinators gets in touch with you shortly to discuss all your questions.

Once ticket is submitted

This is your ticket ID $TicketID. Login to your control panel and click on 24 / 7 helpdesk to check its status. We will contact you shortly.
Customer wants to edit his existing website as per his own requirements (make it compatible with all browsers, fix scripting issue, etc.)

Certainly! Our web design and programming team will be happy to take this over. It is part of the web design service we offer. Since what you requested is not offered in any predefined package I will pass the information on to our web design team and they will get back to you with an exact quote. Note that the hourly rate is $80.00.

Once ticket is submitted

Your ticket ID is $TicketID. Login to your control panel and click on 24 / 7 helpdesk to check its status. A project coordinator will get in touch with you shortly.