In order to continue with your request to transfer a domain to our service, we must confirm a few details with you. Please confirm the following: 

— To transfer this domain, you must agree to extend the domain registration account by 1 year.
— If you would like this domain registration account to be FREE, please indicate the hosting product with at least one free registration credit available.
— If you would like to mark this domain as PAID, please let us know the last four digits on the credit card we have on file that we may charge for the annual renewal fee.
— If you are transferring a .org .com .net or .info domain, please confirm that you have received an authorization code for this transfer from your current registrar.
— The administrative contact email address on file with your current registrar must be one that can be used to reach you. 
Note carefully: If domain registration is PRIVATE, this feature must be turned off so that your contact information appears correctly on the whois. Incorrect or hidden administrative contact email address will prevent us from completion the process. Currently, whois shows [XXXXX@DOMAIN.COM] as administrative contact. This address will be used to send authorization email for you. Make sure that you can access and read that mailbox. Otherwise, you must change it to valid email address first. In order to do that, you have to contact company where you registered the domain.
— To avoid website downtime while transfer is in progress, make sure that your domain is pointed to correct name servers.
Please go through all points above and make sure that every requirement is satisfied. Post a reply to this ticket when you are ready to start the procedure. If you need any further clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us



If the domain is to be marked FREE:
We have started the transfer process for (DOMAIN). This domain has been renewed for an additional year and marked as FREE. Soon, you will receive a confirmation email, originating from Tucows (OpenSRS), our registration service provider. Please note that this e-mail will be sent to the administrative contact email address you specified for this domain - [XXXXX@DOMAIN.COM]. Once you receive it, please follow the directions outlined in this e-mail. If you are transferring a .org .com .net or .info domain, you will need the authorization code provided by your current registrar to complete this process.

Please allow up to two weeks for the domain registration transfer to be completed. Once the transfer is complete, the domain will become available in your product control panel. Please be aware that this transferred domain is subject to the terms outlined in our terms of service. If we can be of any further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.
If the domain is to be marked PAID:
We have started the transfer process for (DOMAIN). Since you decided to keep this domain as PAID, we have charged the credit card on file ending in (CC NUMBERS) the amount of (AMOUNT) for an additional year of registration for this domain. Soon, you will receive a confirmation email, originating from Tucows (OpenSRS), our registration service provider. Please note that this e-mail will be sent to the administrative contact email address you specified for this domain - [XXXXX@DOMAIN.COM]. Once you receive it, follow the directions outlined in this e-mail. If you are transferring a .org .com .net or .info domain, you will need the authorization code provided by your current registrar to complete this process.

Please allow up to two weeks for the domain registration transfer to be completed. Once the transfer is completed, the domain will become available in your product control panel. Please be aware that this transferred domain is subject to the terms outlined in our terms of service. If we can be of any further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Notes

    *
      Set ticket to 'Resolved', 'General Pool'

