The problem you are facing is one kind of Spoofing. When it performs its email routine it can use a randomly chosen address that it finds on an infected computer as the "From:" address. Numerous cases have been reported in which users of uninfected computers received complaints that they sent an infected message to someone else. Please look through how you may avoid becoming infected with such a virus.
First, never ever ever open an attachment received via email if you didn't know it was coming. Put the email in question is a separate folder, then email the person back and ask them what it is. You are as likely to receive an email virus from someone you do know as you are from someone you don't know. The reason for this is because nearly all email virii spread by mailing themselves out to everyone in your address book.
Second, get a good, updated anti-virus and scan every program you download before you run it. Personally, I use AVG anti-virus from Grisoft, and it has yet to let me down. It updates itself automatically, scans your system automatically, and for US and UK citizens, it's also free. Hard to beat that. Norton and McAfee also make good anti-virus software, though I do tend to hear a lot of complaints about them.
It's not always a virus that causes you to receive an email from someone who didn't actually send it however. There are plenty of people with far too much time on their hands sending emails out to people and spoofing the return address. Why do they do this you ask? There are many possible reasons. Some of them are simply trying to cause trouble. Some people would like to discredit the person being spoofed by sending some truly vile message to the recipient, an insult to the boss perhaps. It's the same mentality you see in people who knock on your front door and then run before you can answer it.
Sometimes email spoofing is used to do what hackers call "social engineering". You get an email from your web site's administrator, or from your ISP. The email asks you to go to a web page and enter your password, or to get you to change your password to one of their choosing. You might receive an email that asks for detailed information on a secret company project which appears to come from your boss, but instead comes from your company's competitor. Many well-known companies are daily victims of email spoofing, either accidentally with a virus, or deliberately. Lavasoft, for example, is a common victim of email spoofing.
Unfortunately there is really no way to prevent receiving a spoofed email. If you get an odd-looking email from someone, there are ways of telling if it is fake. The simplest way would be to simply reply to it and ask for clarification. If that is not an option, you could look at the headers to see where the email originated from. You should also exercise some common sense. If the email is outrageously insulting, asks for something highly confidential, or just plain doesn't make any sense, find out if it really is "from" the person it says it's "from".
Remember that although your email address may have been spoofed this does not mean that the spoofer has gained access to your mailbox.

Please go also through the following url for more details:
http://www.windowsecurity.com/articles/Email-Spoofing.html